So, then we got this idea of frames,
which I've mentioned a bunch, but
we should probably deal with and
talk about in earnest.
So, there are a bunch of
ways of grouping things.
Three of the major ones
are this idea of frames,
which is most of what we're going to use
today, then we've got sections and groups.
Since frames are the most important,
let's talk about the other two.
Sections are actually a relatively
new thing, that's this over here,
they are mostly just for
organizing things.
In terms of like when you have
a whole bunch of components and
how they get laid out
in that Assets panel,
stuff like sections will add certain
levels of hierarchy in there.
Other than that, they don't really do
anything but have this fun little button
here, where you can market
something ready for development.
We started on our design
system before that existed, so
we use a very sophisticated set of emoji.
But this also work as well.
It can remove the ready status.
The other one is Groups,
Groups don't do anything but
they kind of like collect a whole
bunch of random objects together.
A lot of times I will use,
it's really hard for
me to remember the times
I always use Groups.
I use groups when I need them.
Like, I have some buttons for a website
that have like stars that explode.
So that star thing, which is a bunch of
smaller vectors, needs to be dealt with.
As like a group, but the other place
where I find myself using it a lot is
think about some of that
aligning that we saw earlier.
Let's say I wanted to keep this kind of
even grid, but I wanted to move the group
up, look pun unintended,
I could theoretically, a lot of times I'll
make a short group, like, just a short
live group where I'll group them.
So now I can kind of move them together,
cuz if I just said,
hey, align to the baseline, all six icons
would shoot up and they'd be overlapping,
which is not what I want.
I want the top of this group
to align with the other two.
So if I put them in a group, we get this,
if they were not in a group and
we did that, we will get chaos.
That's not what I want.
So groups are just helpful at times for
arranging stuff as well.
So sections organizing groups, don't do
anything except like keep stuff together.
When you need it,
you will know that you need it.
Groups are not a unique feature to Figma,
you've probably seen
something like this before.
Frames are the more interesting ones.
You can think about a frame as anytime
that you would've grabbed a div
section article,
pick your favorite semantic HTML element.
And then you would grab one of those is
probably a time you would need a frame.
If you wanna use stuff like layout
grids or constraints or auto layout or
a whole bunch stuff that I'm going to talk
about that I haven't explained to you yet,
that a lot of this is
only supported in frames.
Components are based on frames.
Frames are like kind of
the normal name of the game for
the pieces of our design
that we might use.
And there's a lot of different options,
you can always, at any given point, hit F.
If you click, you draw 100 by 100.
Hit F and draw a square, that works too.
You also notice that when I just hit
the F key, I get some pre-sized frames,
which are really useful at the very
end when we get to prototyping.
You've got everything from
various different phones,
to presentations, to watch,
to paper sizes, to Twitter post sizes.
Think those are mostly
the open graph sizes,
which unfortunately I know
from memory at this point.
So on and so forth, right?
And those frames kind of just, again,
they are the component pieces to
have almost everything in Figma.
One or two last things to take a look
at is this clip content button,
it just shows or hide things that
exceed the bounds of the frame itself.
So like obviously this is
what I'm trying to implement.
But if I needed to, if something was
off the page, I need to grab the end,
I can toggle that on and off.
Lastly, when we change the size of
our frame, you'll see that it changes
the frame, but depending on how
you set up the constraints,
everything in it stays the same.
And that is one of the core differences
between the idea of changing the bounds of
a frame and that, like,
the move tool and the scale tool.
If I grab the scale tool with the K
letter, you'll actually see I can and
big in it or in small in it,
which are very technical terms.
And those are available for me as well.